um let's actually open the
other I'm still having OS issues with uh
this is like a fresh install yeah yeah
yeah yeah
yeah
MOBA a few different things we should
have uh completed here so this
score uh
Victory perfect so you can see 100%
radiant Victory here um this Baseline
actually trains in only 60 million steps
is
cool episode
return interesting so we have the policy
train now and then the other one that we
were looking for
second okay um other one we're looking
for is this one
here not this
one okay 4 hours and yeah we can see
that pretty much uh we have
consistent score ing on all these runs
so probably this is about as good as it
gets we'll be able to take one of these
and then we will get uh two more
policies two more final policies
uploaded hopefully right
go so first thing
is do we do the Moa
first yeah let's do
that uh Docker yeah pseudo
all right so now we do
demo hoer
MOA
eval
native uh
base and let's see what this does
Cuda not
availables Cuda should be availables
they need to do something about that
that honestly just feels terrible to use
like having a 10-second startup time at
least on an application is
insane
uh
really there like a lot of new system
stuff that I have have just not fixed
yet I left a comment
somewhere on this I don't remember where
I left it I do remember I got it from
Claude
now okay great so here's our game
window this is our trained agent
can
see assassin running in here see the
rest of the team coming
in uh do we have is that the whole team
I believe
so support shouldn't be that far ahead
but AB enough policy we can watch the
individual agents the tank
here uh probably should save Mana to
heal I don't know if he's doing that now
he probably not no he dashed in all
right that was silly oh maybe not he got
the
tower should definitely wait here cuz
now he's going to die
right or is this thing just gen us no
he's dead here
yeah but that would require a little bit
more than we should expect from this
simple
Baseline all around reasonable enough
model runs nice and
smoothly pretty
anything [ __ ] was
wrong failed to open text
file uh it's loading the wrong Shader I
have no idea why
obnoxious possibly works on
web I don't feel like dealing with this
at the moment
here
okay uh
sir
well this appears to work
right so whatever it is it's just the
platform not
fine uh so
now all we have to do is get the
6.2 okay so here
here are the existing
runs can see them all oh yeah you can
actually see there's like a little bit
of Separation here with these and uh is
this the best one yeah I like this one
this one looks very stable as
well we'll just copy these parameters
pretty closely
here okay BPT Horizon is the
same uh entropy
Lambda a reasonable
value
update epox 2
is
fine I think that's it right I didn't
Sweep All That many
parameters maybe I could have done
better but I think this is fine
yeah so this all to train in just a few
minutes I believe right yeah
800k let's see if this
okay 3
minutes and then we will have triple
Triad and then that will be
everything except
go rware tactics TCG is not a finished M
so we'll move that or
whatever uh there's lots of like info to
add to each of these and whatnot and
there will be some cleanup but the hard
part of getting trained policies
consistently trained policies parameters
that side will be
set and then this looks nice and
consistent as
consistent so from there I can do
there's do side work to do which I will
probably do right after
this see if we have anything
from other n
contributors Mean
yeah the triple Triad is the score is
quite consistent here uh we should
probably have like a win rate or
something
instead hey Noah
welcome back streaming here
so you're having some setup
I don't know why this search doesn't
work
RB if you do a platform. system like
this do you get Darwin
because this is what I had here in order
to try to get a Mac version of RB I
don't have a Mac so I didn't test it
right but I put I did put the Mac build
path
please tell me this at least saved the
Baseline should have
I keep uh how can you check just run the
code import platform platform.
system I can't check this for you
because I don't have a Mac to test this
on and I don't have your machine so
basically I just want to know whether it
correctly installed this or it looks
like from the error it probably didn't
this check didn't work so it's named
something other than Darwin
which this should be true on Mac if
you're you know running it like that um
maybe it could be something weird where
like because you're in a container it's
different or something
but yeah let me know
model
seriously no not in a container well
yeah then tell me what the platform name
is cuz my guess it's not going to be the
correct
warnings rib
name okay so it looks like it
has oh you know what it probably
is yeah okay let me try something one
second run this in the background while
uh I'm helping
RB what uh what's it failing on You're
Building you didn't give me the command
here
is this building for
web I don't know why else it would be on
li.
so oh wait does it do you not have a
rayb
because so what should happen here right
is if you don't have Ray already it will
download the correct tar bundle for you
and then it Reen names
it so you shouldn't just you should have
a folder that has rib stuff in
it like
this
right I have RB and Rib
command you can see this instantly works
for
me not enough
Mana you can see it's like
instant Raab and Raab Blossom
okay and then you run
this when you say rib name is oh you
just put a break point I see
uh well this is building I you have the
binaries
here
oh damn
it I'll fix that
[Music]
into son or something I literally this
is Bizarro
oh wait yeah yeah I remember
that there was some
[ __ ] Noah try
this Dash framework for
I really hate the idea of having to do
to have like a cake or whatever just
because where should you add
that oh wait my bad this is the wrong
wrong I see why you're
confused yeah so this
goes so if you're using local you just
put it like anywhere
here you know just make a line for
it I actually think that there was uh a
I thought Spencer
had some
Flags there might be oh wait wait dude I
literally have it
here this thing I literally it's in here
just uncomment
this I forgot I had done this already
this is the Mac Flags these are the Mac
Flags right there they're just
commented my
bad I don't build for Mac so I don't
test this stuff
often but yeah we'll figure something
for this I'll probably just add like
some switch or something I really don't
want to in my mind it's like so stupid
to have a make file and like to have to
add that as a dependency and have a
whole build system just because Mac has
a pain in the
ass how to run the
out TCG
uh what
happened weird that it seg fed the first
time I have no idea
does look like it occasionally seg
bolts
yeah Run's
perfect very good I think that I might
have not have
diagnosed there might be it's a new
environment it's just a
prototype so I might not have caught
everything yet
um it's still it's really weird for
there to just be a straight seg fault so
that might be I haven't seen that before
that might just be this
system being
weird but yeah try that for
now that should get you something to get
started on for
can you explain the cool the current
rules yeah so I mean it's like magic The
Gather and you probably should play that
if you
haven't but it's just num
keys so like Basics Magic the Gathering
uh you need to get Mana in order to do
anything you can play one land per turn
you see the number key to to press so I
press three I've played my land for the
turn if I hit enter I'll pass um then
there's the draw phase you can see and
then let's see I have one Mana you can
see that these both cost zero there's
nothing I can play for one Mana but if I
play this land now I have two Mana so I
can play this card here for both of my
lands tap so I've used that Mana these
are both free so I can play this and
this and then if I hit enter it's Attack
Phase so I can hit three four five I'm
going to swing with all of
these and I attack he doesn't block me
let's see I play my land I cannot play
I'm spamming land I can't play land and
you see like you get outputs here um I
have three lands so I can play
this two lands tap and then I can swing
okay and I attack him he needs to got
eight play my land play a
card and then we're going to swing with
seven eight swing with all that and I
win you need to kind of play Magic the
Gathering a little bit
though those are the very Basics if you
look up any MTG content you will see you
will see
that but yeah that is that is the TCG
prototype and for some reason exiting
that game kills my camera which is
Bizarro
error this is not just a this is not a
drill
yeah okay the code is fine this is a new
machine and there's some screwy things
going on with my operating system and uh
one of them is breaking the address
sanitizer itself we're fine this m is uh
this m should be
correct so we're going to build the
extension and now hopefully training
works
hopefully that's that we should have a
TCG correctly added
code yeah Robo
code
go holy okay I'm G to I got to fix my
camera I don't know why it keeps
crapping out like this
there seem to be a variety of system
problems on this machine that I got to
[Music]
fix at least it's not
no it's just this is if you have other
garbage
interesting I'm going to try swapping
porch though next
time all right so here we go this
actually worked now
so here's puffer triple Triad
right here's the score very
nice all right we're moving this port
hold
on let me see how I'm going to do
this plug
let's try
this it's crazy
Cl so we're going to actually get uh the
robocode demo on and I think I know how
I'm going to do it as well so first of
all
policy we're going to have to add a
little C policy to TCG I think the TCG
has a very simple
okay so I
see yeah that looks like default linear
lstm
policy this is the number of weights
right here we need
that um so we're just going to
do decoder
weight looks like
114 OBS and 15 actions are something
like
that oh wait first of all this is
totally wrong it's not TCG it's triple
Triad D so we're going to just move
TCG uh this is going to be
resource stop
bin triple Tri weight stop in perfect
do
c and we're going to just go grab what
has a linear lstm policy probably like
go oops
paste
this we're going to include puffer
net make a linear lstm I think it's
uh
tryad 114 and
15 I think this
num agents input Dem Dem magents one
input D action
perfect so that is that
and I what the heck is going on
here ocean
so I make this at the top
actually and then I probably just want
to copy like this whole block for
now not going to use all of it obviously
but put this
here just load your network
in here's your
weights little Triad weight
spary and we load this
in and let me see how this is done
so if key is
pressed I see
so yeah I need to first of all I need
this little block of logic
here which is
if this left shift is
down
whoops then we do all
this uh and then
else we do
forward linear
lstm observations and
actions this only works if the types are
correct uh which because Spencer did it
with floats this actually works as is
easy and
then did I do this wrong
yeah so this
actually this goes one level down I
forward and then where is it
forward ah no and then
step this
client cool so this should now this
should now run in theory
okay so this actually does
run but it runs at a utterly stupid
Pace thought that I had a smart way of
doing
this
yes you put a you sleep what does this
need this needs just time. H I
believe uh I don't think that was quite
it though
right if and yeah you need
this greater than equal to
zero and then you have a no op
so this is how we want it but we need to
new
o there a no op
there isn't no op and it's actually zero
already which is very convenient for
us equal
no a new
create 3x3
board starting
okay so these colors are
backwards
somehow this one is correct
okay so these are the only places that
anything happens for
[ __ ] looks like the policy's good
though at
okay so you need EX in order to give a
thickness
that so that's better at least now you
can see the uh the card
yellow like
[Music]
green can't see the yellow oh yeah the
green shows up I think right
see it's not very responsive though let
me figure out what I messed
noop okay
and then you only
sleep let's try
mission okay see now my now it's
responsive like
immediately okay the only thing we need
to do is we need to move this below the
render cuz the render needs to be
instant
okay see
this
yeah now the responsiveness is there
immediately
probably needs to be a little longer
for this
okay those are some nice improvements to
uh triple
Triad policy is now loaded that did not
take that much
time uh actually
ocean build this for
web and
triple okay now everything is copied
there
786 okay it's got a
weird weird size to
it these are work on
[Music]
P gcg
code P old
Java
Jac and then width is a weird with
786 I think that's the full or 68
and then five set six like
this okay
grid and then I
[Music]
need what work in progress Grid or
whatever game
card I just do this exact same bloody
thing
wow I really really hate
JavaScript um this is the dumbest
language ever designed
possibly no way Java
exists do I hate Java more or
uh sure let's just let's just try some
stuff and see what happens for now you
know okay so
it uploads all of our games
here stupid
resolution it does upload all of
them and then it doesn't actually do
anything else with
that initialize games
right because I
[Music]
grid isn't it amazing how it looks like
I actually kind of know
JavaScript I do
not I'm literally just guessing what an
insane person
what would an insane person's concept of
a programming language
be probably something like this
right do I even need to refresh it
probably doesn't C
yep that's how it
works so
stupid I don't know why I decided I
wanted to do my own website for the read
for the uh the new update I really don't
I guess I just don't like using outside
overly complicated stuff but it's
like down the rabbit hole I'm going to
be writing the whole website in C next
so I don't have to touch JavaScript
ever the funny thing is I legitimately
think that would probably be
easier and it would be faster
okay main JS is fine and then what we
need we need ocean we just need to add
uh literally all I have to do is
okay now the only thing is that this
does not actually let you
set so these ones work still but you
need to be able to play them
why don't we just do
game
right then this will just
do
games can you do this
okay response
error for
found why I literally can't see the
freaking path
I hate the web stuff it's like so
dumb nothing
matches they give an new
I what I mess up
here
progress oh I messed up all of them
can you not do
game
wait oh wait oh I see it I see it
it's got to
[Music]
be yeah this is 100% like an insane
person's idea of programming holy
hell every time it's like ah you know
there's probably some sane stuff on the
web they're not just going to be doing
freaking eval by default surely that
wouldn't be how things
work nope it's actually that
insane
okay this is breakout yeah okay I just
clicked the wrong
thing okay and then Robo code
failing let me see if it's Robo code
I've never tested that
end breaks the one page that badly you
got to be kidding me
okay so here's the
TCG and yeah Robo code just doesn't work
which is
fine let's figure out what's wrong with
Robo code
page
ah this is
this there's some things that you have
to do for um for web very very small
okay Tech technically there's also the
uh like the physics m i could put online
but I think that requires me to compile
box 2D for web which I do not feel like
dealing with right
work
right that's still frozen
fine yeah this one looks
fine so I'm wondering
what what the issue is here
it oh I guess you're just not allowed to
do that that's fine
it's always annoying to debug that
crap no big deal
though how does this even work
oh there we
go okay so we go to
go and it's really hard to
play because tank controls are
hard but you but it does exist it's an
environment
and you can play it actually it turns
out and you can kind of like surf the
bullets like this it's kind of
fun so you can play it and you can
win cool
so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 nine we need there
two more in development as well two or
three more and we got
these that a nice
collection let's uh commit all this up I
believe let's commit all this up
cool so now that will be live so you
guys can play with those
here
[Music]
Triad
all and we don't need to mess with that
just
C
H Triple Triad CH and
it's fine and what else do we need to
add
here
there I'm quite pleased with that
actually especially this s looks so good
so you can actually see these on
puffer doai this section
here you can see it's already live
actually look at that
anything else that I got in
there I think that's it oh snake as
well snake
progress still nobody doing Robo codes
crazy to me
if anybody wants to help us finish this
shouldn't be that much work I just
haven't gotten around to it maybe I'll
take a couple days and do it at some
point it would be such a nice
environment you can play it it's just
kind of difficult because of the tank
controls but the game was kind of built
with tank controls in
mind yeah so here so this is the easiest
way to like cheese it without having to
do hard controls uh is to just like
cheese
the where is it you just yeah you just
go forward and back and you dodge like
this and then they don't Dodge
you that's the easiest
uh other than
that think that is I I have to clean up
docks a whole bunch and stuff like that
but for baselines as far as that
goes uh where is it it's live now so we
can just go to the
main uher AI we can just go to the main
site uh we have docks or no we have
Baseline
for everything except these
three I think Spencer will get baselines
for these two I got to talk with Nathan
about this one and then there are two
more M's that I have to uh track down
contributors
for Noah is looking at
this possibly we find somebody for
robocod I really would like to find
somebody to help with this one um
technically I could probably finish this
up in like two or three
days but I mean one or two really good
days
um might be worth it I just don't want
to delay the release even more while I'm
doing all this documentation side
work it's also possible I just find
somebody to help with this freaking
annoying website who knows what they're
doing and then uh I take the time to
finish this we'll see but I have a
there's like one other end I'm also
working on that's not here yet uh that's
taking up some time too off
stream uh either way this is going to
end up being a pretty decent collection
I'd say let's see if Spencer needs
anything other than that I think they're
just maybe we just start on the docks
for a little bit for uh 45 minutes
before
dinner well that looks like everything
for now
no
TCG final
issues okay Xander's making
progress bet needs help with training
free at seven cool it's a little late
bet but yeah
okay I think we just have to do uh docks
and
stuff well there's docks and usability
are kind of two separate
much okay so help menu is going to take
a bit of time I'm trying to think is
that the thing I want to do right now is
get into the help
menu it's not a terrible
idea let me see if I can figure out the
help menu in like 45 minutes
um shouldn't be that
hard I say knowing full well that it's
way harder than you would think
menu well this thing isn't particularly
helpful either
mode oh there look like they're added in
order that you put them as
well if I do this does it move to the
bottom it
does uh do you even need to change this
anymore I don't think you need to change
this I've never used this AR minute
paths it's got to have a default in it
right
oh I know why I did that
right that's super confusing though hell
that's yeah that's crazy confusing
yeah I don't think you want that do you
at
all that's going to actually take some
thought that's going to actually take
some thought here
want
triple yeah layers of stuff like this
okay nah I don't think you ever want
anybody to have to touch this stupid
thing it's like it's one of those things
where it's like it's almost better to
just take the feature out and hardcode
it because it's such a stupid way to
shoot yourself in the foot for no
apparent reason
think the most likely thing is that
we're going to just end up
putting a
we'll like end up putting like a pretty
restricted set of hyper pram sweep stuff
in
you technically I don't even think you
really need this subc config
thing the only the only M's that have a
subc config right it's literally just
Atari but like all the Atari I'm
share they share some
stuff yeah I see it's cuz you have all
these freaking MS
okay so for now I think I'm going to
keep
this I'm going get rid of this
okay one less confusing
thing
now now you just need to add like help
menus to each of these I
think puffer Li demo
options
version shows valid args for your end
and policy well it doesn't do that at
the
you can't even pass
see AI ARS like this can
on okay so it adds anything that's in
here it gets added right
ah okay so it has to be in the
config it has to be in the any file to
get added I think that's a reasonable
compromise
right yeah that's a reasonable
compromise is that you actually do
get you actually do get it but you have
to
have you have to have it in the uh the
any file it doesn't do it dynamically
from from anything else which I think is
totally
completely wrong nice
job super maven
fine uh so overall menu is good we'll
have to take a look at some config stuff
but M uh M menu is actually pretty
decent it's it's a good balance it has
all the
arguments but um it doesn't have to do
like a whole bunch of dynamic Arc
[ __ ] I think that's good we're going
to have to like clean up maybe some of
this stuff I it's already pretty dense I
know for sure
but uh this profiler is worthless I'm
pretty sure
maybe well believe that stuff is is for
now let's go check the
Ducks
so this now works
right
it doesn't work if you do Dash Das
Health
H yeah you have to actually like type in
okay that's
can you like post
talk can you add help post talk
ah you
see this is why we do
this there is a special
term for the add of help here but you
can add
it it looks like you can add it yourself
underscore are you kidding me they've
gotten are they calling an underscore
method on
this the that's
this is not a python like a weird Python
language thing I'm not familiar with is
it
translation function are you kidding me
there is a built-in for
translation what no we're not doing
that in bat
[ __ ]
holy why is there a built-in for that
that's insane
a lot of my work lately and just making
stuff actually work has just been saying
no to like all the crazy I'm a clever
programmer things it's like no be
stupider
yeah welcome looks insane as
well
from oh AR par. supress
great I can just do
okay
so let's see if this works um the goal
is to add help late so that we
they actually have a thing that prevents
you from doing it
group if action doelp is
not suppress
add
[Music]
argument well this has a bunch of args
it must be the other one that's getting
called
right yeah it's this
one e
16 I just want to like delete the the
default implementation
is this
dumb this seems like a reasonable thing
to try to
do maybe this is getting too clever I
just all I want to have is a freaking
help menu That's I just want a dynamic
help menu is all I want shouldn't be too
much to
ask option strings
actions container okay so this is
something different
true I think you have to do add help is
false that it maybe you have to do that
maybe this maybe I was just being
right possibly too much stuff but you do
get everything
now so we'll consider if there's a way
to clean this
up but you do get all the
arcs and if I do I mean I can see it
right there in the end
things oh wait shouldn't this just work
didn't
I no I do need to do this
this yeah we don't even use
multiprocessing so we can take this
tr.
learning-rate
here oh yeah that
works in just model size as well
go this should be random policy and then
that opens
instantly it's literally just W being
slow as
molasses there we go that's
good so these should all work nicely now
I mean we really should have an auto
test for this
right yeah I'm just going to make an
auto test for
making
progress I think it's probably going to
be like I got to get all these M
baselines there's going to be some dock
cleanup and stuff then there's going to
be like a few days of like just cleaning
up the basic
user experience pruning dead code uh you
know cleaning up warnings managing
dependencies all that
crap that's basically all that's left on
release other than like the few
outstanding ends
cool um there are probably a couple more
experiments and things they need to set
up tonight a few more contributors
that'll need a couple things for me but
that is pretty well
good um so for the few people the couple
of folks watching this
here if you are interested in any of
this stuff do an RL I have lots of
various articles and things on X JS is
5341 same as my
username I
have the website puffer AI
github.io here you can find GitHub link
go ahead and start the puffer helps me
out a ton there's the Discord you can
join B number 800 discord. g/p puffer
and the link to my a other than that I
will be back streaming tomorrow morning
and in the afternoon as well so thanks